Add Milestone to PR (#47)
10up/action-pr-helper: README.md

| Key | Default | Description |
| --- | ------- | ----------- |

> | assign-pr | true | Wether assign PR to reporter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| assign-pr | true | Whether assign PR to reporter |
```

> | add-milestone | true | Wether add milestone to PR |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| add-milestone | true | Whether to add a milestone to the PR |
```
